# HW #1 Provisioning and Configuring Servers

This is HW1 of CSC591 DevOps.

### createDO.py
createDO.py is used to create a digitalocean server and generate corresponding inventory file.

### createAWS.py
createAWS.py is used to create a digitalocean server and generate corresponding inventory file.

### playbook.yml
playbook.yml is a yaml used by ansible to deploy a simple nginx webserver.

### requirements.txt
configurations generated by `pip freeze`.

install the configurations using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

### Screencast
You can find the demo video [here](https://youtu.be/2mO8ANXu98g).

### Review
After creating an account, please read [this guide](https://d36cz9buwru1tt.cloudfront.net/AWS_Overview.pdf), in order to get an overview of the platform provided.  After reading this document (or others that you find), prepare a simple paragraph describing a service that you learned about. 

 * In this assignment I mainly used the EC2 service, which is **Amazon Elastic Computer Cloud**. It is a web service that provides resizable compute capacity in the cloud. We can deploy nginx on that.

Next, please review the different ways of interfacing with the [AWS API](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/making-api-requests.html).  It is possible to use simple http requests, or you can also use language binding for the API (e.g. Java, .NET, ruby, javascript, etc.).

 * To create an instance on EC2, I used the AWS python API (boto3). Also we can use http requests to achieve the goal. We did that in digitalocean, workshop1. The procedures are the same. Using APIs is more convenient.